Update the docs regarding the Application name cleaning (#10588)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/06-01-application.md

>**NOTE:** The name of the Application must consist of lower case alphanumeric characters, `-` or `.`, and start and end with an alphanumeric character.

> >**NOTE:** In case the Application name has `-` or `.`, the underlying Eventing services will use a clean name which only contains alphanumeric characters (For example `system-prod` becomes `systemprod`).
> > 
> > This could lead to a naming collision. For example both Application names `system-prod` and `systemprod` becomes `systemprod`.
> > 
> > A solution for this is to provide an `application-type` label (with alphanumeric characters only) which will be used by the Eventing services instead of the application name. In case the `application-type` label also contains `-` or `.`, the underlying Eventing services will clean it and use the cleaned label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** In case the Application name contains `-` or `.`, the underlying Eventing services will use a clean name with alphanumeric characters only. (For example, `system-prod` will become `systemprod`).
> 
> This could lead to a naming collision. For example, both `system-prod` and `systemprod` will become `systemprod`.
> 
> A solution for this is to provide an `application-type` label (with alphanumeric characters only) which will be used by the Eventing services instead of the Application name. In case the `application-type` label also contains `-` or `.`, the underlying Eventing services will clean it and use the cleaned label.
```
